About every two or three minutes,
we prayed because the hurricane
was so terrifying.
Imagine that your house
just lifted up into the air and flew away.
At that time,
we were standing in water,
so we just ran.
This is our Kingdom Hall.
When we saw that it was damaged,
we were deeply affected
because we realized
we could not meet here anymore
with our brothers and sisters
to sympathize with them.
That was very hard for us.
Even in this situation,
I know we’re not alone
—even though our town was destroyed.
I know our brothers,
no matter where they are,
will come to help us.
The priority of disaster relief
is for the Branch Committee
to quickly appoint
qualified local brothers to respond
to the first immediate needs
of our brothers and sisters.
Of course,
giving support to our brothers and sisters
oftentimes means funds.
So it’s the worldwide brotherhood,
the “Matthew 24:14 contributions,”
that really does help.
Here in Haiti,
many brothers are overjoyed
that they can send something
to help their brothers.
There are brothers
who have even donated beyond their means.
In our brotherhood,
no matter where a brother is,
if he’s suffering from a disaster
or he has a problem,
all the brothers feel
as if they’re also facing that problem.
We all do our best to support and help them.
We didn’t have any way
to make a bed to lie down.
Eventually, our sisters
in the Paillant Congregation helped us out.
They ran up
and made beds for us out of plywood
that they would put on top of eight blocks.
And they brought sheets and pillows
so that we could lie down.
That was very touching,
that kind deed our brothers did for us.
We truly felt that it was Jehovah
who was coming
to our aid at that moment.
They brought boxes of Bibles,
medical kits, food stuffs.
Besides that, they brought several tents.
That helped the brothers
that lost all that they had,
even their houses,
so that they could have
shelter from the rain.
In one of the talks given
by a Governing Body member,
he showed that we have
more difficult situations ahead.
The only thing we can do
is continue to rely on Jehovah.
A way we can help our brothers cope
when they’re in such a circumstance
is to make them realize
that it is the Kingdom hope
—to refresh their memory,
to make them really believe
and feel that it’s the Kingdom hope—
that’s going to change all of this.
They shared encouraging words and read
Bible verses that really helped us
to see the power of God’s Word.
That boosted our faith in the promises
Jehovah made to remove all causes
of suffering that afflict us today.
It’s like the Bible says:
“A righteous man’s supplication
has a powerful effect.”
So the strength I regained makes me feel
that the entire worldwide brotherhood
is praying for me.
I feel that it’s that strength
that has allowed me
to resume my theocratic activities with zeal.
As Jehovah’s Witnesses,
not only do we know
that these things must take place
—since we are deep in the last days—
but we also know
that our deliverance is closer.
I lost my livelihood;
it’s all completely gone.
But I have been so encouraged;
it’s as if the hurricane never even happened.
That’s how I feel,
like it never even happened.
Many people say it would have been better
if they had died in the hurricane.
But no matter what sufferings we endure,
we have hope.
We see beyond the suffering
and see God’s Kingdom is coming.
This is extraordinary.
No matter what form suffering may take,
we are able to patiently endure
because we know
that suffering will not last forever.